Creates Collections page (#3)
kubecost/docs-cloud: using-kubecost-cloud/collections.md

You can filter and recategorize your cost table using _Aggregate By_ and _Add Filters_. _Aggregate By_ allows you to organize your costs by a listed category, and supports single and multi-aggregation. _Add Filters_ allows for flexible filtering of your table items, including filtering by custom labels.

After having added items to your collection, selecting _Costs in Collection_ will provide a complete list of all items, as well as key cost metrics including total and percentage costs of both Kubernetes and cloud items.

{% hint style="info" %}
Percentage spends refers to the total Kubernetes/Cloud cost within the collection to all Kubernetes/Cloud costs within your environment respectively, not the percentage of total spend within the collection. For example, if a collection contains $20 of Kubernetes spend and the total allocation data in that same window is $50, the percentage of Kubernetes spend will be 40%.
{% endhint %}

> In the event there is cost overlap from conflicting Kubernetes and cloud costs, they will be reflected in a special Overlap category. Kubecost automatically subtracts the overlapping costs so that the totals seen for the collection are accurate and do not contain duplicate costs. Currently, overlap is only considered for CPU/GPU/RAM and Network costs. It does not apply to PV/LB and shared costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the event there is cost overlap from conflicting Kubernetes and cloud costs, they will be reflected in a special Overlap category. Kubecost automatically subtracts the overlapping costs so that the totals seen for the collection are accurate and do not contain duplicate costs. Currently, overlap is not considered for Network costs and Load Balancer costs coming from workloads running on Azure and GCP clusters.

```

Reviewer: I've raised a PR with the corresponding change for the on-prem docs as well: https://github.com/kubecost/docs/pull/918

Author: Good catch, thanks for this

Costs are then divided into two categories: _Kubernetes_ and _Cloud_ (see above for an explanation of these costs). You can toggle between the two groups using the Domain dropdown on the left of the page. For each group, you will see a total cost value displayed on the right of the page, above your cost table.

Costs are organized in a table, listed in descending order starting with the highest values. To add an individual item, hover your cursor over the item until you see a green _Add_ button visible on the right of the page. Select _Add_ to include that cost into your collection. You can add all your listed Kubernetes or cloud costs into a collection by selecting _Add All_, displayed next to your total cost. This is only available once you've added at least one filter. Once an item has been added to the collection, changes will be automatically saved.

You can filter and recategorize your cost table using _Aggregate By_ and _Add Filters_. _Aggregate By_ allows you to organize your costs by a listed category, and supports single and multi-aggregation. _Add Filters_ allows for flexible filtering of your table items, including filtering by custom labels.

> After having added items to your collection, selecting _Costs in Collection_ will provide a complete list of all items, as well as key cost metrics including total and percentage costs of both Kubernetes and cloud items.

Reviewer: In alignment with https://github.com/kubecost/docs/pull/919 :
```suggestion
After having added items to your collection, selecting _Costs in Collection_ will provide a complete list of all items, as well as key cost metrics including total and percentage costs of both Kubernetes and cloud items. Note: Your cloud provider may not provide a Resource ID for all cloud 'items'. Cloud costs without an associated resource ID are not supported today.
```

Reviewer: @bstuder99 whenever you have a second, can you add this suggestion and merge this PR?
